Develop stream 2025-05-07 (#643)
ROCm/rocRAND: CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for rocRAND is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/)

## (Unreleased) rocRAND-4.x.x for ROCm 7.0.0

### Changed

* Changed return type for `rocrand_generate_poisson` for `SOBOL64` and `SCRAMBLED_SOBOL64` engines

> * Changed unnecessarily large 64-bit datatype of constants used for skipping in MRG32K3A to 32-bit dataype 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed unnecessarily large 64-bit data type of constants used for skipping in `MRG32K3A` to a 32-bit data type 
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you for spotting the small typo! I've sorted it out in https://github.com/ROCm/rocRAND/commit/16ee10365ac7a2df2b14b4531d1290df9b4c93b6.

> * Changed unnecessarily large 64-bit datatype of constants used for skipping in MRG32K3A to 32-bit dataype 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed unnecessarily large 64-bit data type of constants used for skipping in `MRG32K3A` to a 32-bit data type 
```
